git_cheatsheet_added (#227)
crescentpartha/CheatSheets-for-Developers: CheatSheets/git-cheatsheet.md

| `git checkout [file]` | Matches the file with last commit |
| `git help -a` | Shows the list of all available Git commands |
| `git restore .` | To restore all files in the current directory |

> | `git-submodule` | Initialize, update or inspect submodules |

Reviewer: This isn't the correct command. Please, follow this [referral link](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Submodules) and modify it with the correct command.

> | `git-gui` | A portable graphical interface to Git |

Reviewer: This isn't the correct command. Please, follow this [referral link](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-gui/) and modify it with the correct command.

> | `git config --global core.excludesfile [file]` | System wide ignore patern for all local repositories |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `git config --global core.excludesfile [file]` | - Set up your global `core.excludesfile` configuration file to point to this global ignore file <br /> - `git config --global core.excludesFile '~/.gitignore'` |
```
| Command | Description |
| :----------: | ------------- |
| `git config --global core.excludesfile [file]` | - Set up your global `core.excludesfile` configuration file to point to this global ignore file <br /> - `git config --global core.excludesFile '~/.gitignore'` |
